---
layout: post
title:  Here We Go!
date:   2016-08-16 12:00:00
categories: Post
activetab: blog
image: 2016-08-16/desk.jpg
---

The first week of the Internship was amazing! I am tired but that’s to be expected after something so new. Thanks to everyone on my support team for making this possible! Thank God, I am extremely close to being totally funded. This past week we had orientation and hit the ground running. I have already read two entire books (I have not usually been a reader) and have learned so much from the other leaders and discussions. I’m so excited to begin working with student’s starting Thursday the 25th!!!

{ include figure.html src="2016-08-16/desk.jpg" caption="" size="quarter" }

This past week I spent a good portion of time working on class work and preparing for the start of semester. We have been hard at work planning for the first two weeks of school, which is a crucial time for first-year students. The first weekend of student’s arrival kicks off what is known as the ‘Week of Welcome’ (WOW). During WOW, Chi Alpha will host a returner’s BBQ Thursday night for students who come back early to help move first-year students into their residence halls the next morning. Friday morning is a great time to meet students and get the word out about Chi Alpha. Then, that Saturday we will be tabling at the Freshman BBQ and activities fair as well as hosting our annual Mugshots event. Essentially, we get donated Mugs and make root beer floats and students get to keep their mug at the end of the night.

All-in-all, the first weekend is about making connections and getting the word out about Chi Alpha and the ministry! I am excited to see how God works during the first weekend and would welcome prayers that first year students would find a community with Chi Alpha. 
